Match Report: PSL 2026 1 - Lahore Qalandars vs Hyderabad Kingsmen (1st Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/lahore-qalandars-vs-hyderabad-kingsmen-1st-match-1527552/match-report

All-round Qalandars take down Kingsmen with ease in PSL opener

Defending champions flaunt their muscle with bat and ball to demolish tournament debutants on opening night

Danyal Rasool

Fakhar Zaman gave the early impetus and Haseebullah Khan finished strong  •

Associated Press

Lahore Qalandars

199 for 6 (Fakhar 53, Haseebullah 40, Hassan 2-30) beat

Hyderabad Kingsmen

130 (Labuschagne 26, Rauf 2-22, Ubaid 2-27, Raza 2-27) by 69 runs

Lahore Qalandars

got their defence of the

PS

L title off to a flawless start, crushing debutants

Hyderabad Kingsmen

by 69 runs. In the tournament opener, the Qalandars turned in an all-round performance with both bat and ball. A half-century from

Fakhar Zaman

and a number of supporting cameos helped propel them to 199, while a meek Kingsmen side were no match during the chase. Five different wicket-takers combined to skittle Marnus Labuschagne's side for 130 as the Qalandars burnished their formidable credentials.

After a pared down opening ceremony - in front of empty stands after the PSL decided against crowd involvement owing to a fuel conservation drive in the wake of the West Asia crisis - Shaheen Afridi opted to bat first. They quickly set about exposing Kingsmen's modest bowling attack as Fakhar and Mohammad Naeem flew out of the blocks. The opening pair put on 84 in 50 balls before left-arm orthodox spinner Hassan Khan finally struck to draw first blood.

Hyderabad Kingsmen's maroon kit forces ball change in PSL opener

PSL 2026: Teams allowed to submit two XIs and pick one after toss

The middle overs saw the Kingsmen pull the Qalandars back as run-scoring slowed down over the next seven overs, which saw 47 runs scored and four wickets fall. But

Haseebullah Khan

and

Sikandar Raza

course-corrected with a whirlwind death-overs partnership, smashing 45 in 21. Afridi finished off the innings with a stamp of dominance, coming in with two balls to spare, and smashing Mohammad Ali, who would finish with 50 off three overs, to two sixes.

The Qalandars carried that momentum through. Afridi and Ubaid Shah accounted for Usman Khan and Saim Ayub inside the first four overs as the Qalandars threatened to cut the Kingsmen adrift inside the powerplay. They made good on that threat when Raza and Haris Rauf scythed through the middle order, with captain Labuschagne's 26 the highest score of his side's effort.

It wasn't long before Kingsmen switched to making sure they reached three figures, and then put on as many runs as possible to avoid getting hammered on the net run-rate in the early stages of the tournament. But, as if to sum up the feebleness of the performance, they would finish with two run outs as Qalandars sealed a huge win to demonstrate why they have won three of the last four PSL tournaments, and why they may rank among the favourites to make it four in five.

Fakhar Zaman

Haseebullah Khan

Hyderabad Kingsmen

Lahore Qalandars

Qalandars vs Kingsmen

Pakistan Super League