Match Report: PSL 2026 24 - Hyderabad Kingsmen vs Rawalpindiz (24th Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/hyderabad-kingsmen-vs-rawalpindiz-24th-match-1527575/match-report

Hunain, Ali keep Rawalpindiz winless on tricky Karachi track

Labuschagne, Perera and Irfan played key knocks after Kingsmen also found themselves in trouble with the bat

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi

Hunain Shah returned figures of 3 for 18  •

PSL

Hyderabad Kingsmen

123 for 5 (Irfan Khan 34*, Perera 32*, Labuschagne 32, Asif Afridi 2-20) beat

Rawalpindiz

121 for 9 (Billings 26, Hunain 3-18, Mohammad Ali 3-21) by five wickets

Hyderabad Kingsmen

edged past

Rawalpindiz

in a low-scoring contest to win their third consecutive match in

PSL 2026

. An incredible bowling performance, which limited Rawalpindiz to a mere 121, followed by handy batting contributions from

Marnus Labuschagne

,

Irfan Khan

, and

Kusal Perera

helped Kingsmen win the match by five wickets and 21 balls to spare.

Kingsmen have now jumped two places in the eight-team points table and now sit at number four. Rawalpindiz, meanwhile, remained glued to the bottom of the eight-team points table with six defeats in as many games and a negative net run rate of 1.821.

It was no straightforward win for Kingsmen who had to scrap their way on a surface that - despite being fresh - was slow and offered purchase to the spinners. Rawalpindiz had Kingsmen reeling at 69 for five at one stage. But an unbeaten partnership of 54 between Perera (32 not out off 24) and Irfan (34 not out off 29) sealed the win for them.

That there wasn't any scoreboard pressure helped the pair. They had come together after the wicket of Labuschagne (32 off 21) and Glenn Maxwell's golden duck in the space of three balls, but Kingsmen needed only 53 from 64 when Irfan walked in. It allowed them to milk the bowlers for singles and adjust to the pitch, which demanded time and patience from the batters. The two happily nudged the ball into the gaps until the 13th over and once settled, picked boundaries to hurry the proceedings.

The run chase began with a brilliant three-over spell from Asif Afridi inside the powerplay over the course of which he allowed only 10 runs and picked up the crucial wickets of Maaz Sadaqat and Saim Ayub, the latter's dismissal coming in a wicket maiden. Mohammad Amir had Usman Khan caught at midwicket before the conclusion of the powerplay, which sparked wild celebrations and hopes of Rawalpindiz springing a surprise.

Labuschagne held his end until a beautiful delivery from young Saad Masood trapped him in front on the last ball of the ninth over. A ripper from Ben Sears demolished Maxwell's stumps and wrapped half of Kingmen's line-up.

It seems as if Kingsmen have understood the lengths and pace at which to bowl in Karachi better than any other side as their bowlers produced another incredible performance after how well they bowled against Islamabad United in the last match. Their wily variations and hard lengths kept Rawalpindiz's scoring rate in check. They did not let their run rate go past five until the very end of the innings.

The introduction of Ayub from the second over dried up runs for Rawalpindiz and resulted in wickets after Mohammad Rizwan struck

Mohammad Ali

for two boundaries in the first. The terrific mix and match of spin and pace in the powerplay produced three wickets for Labuschagne and, more importantly, produced the lowest powerplay score of this season (24). The chokehold continued throughout the middle overs as Rawalpindiz crawled to 50 in 11.1 overs, the slowest this edition.

It was the introduction of Maxwell in the third over that started to produce wickets as he cleaned up his compatriot Usman Khawaja to become only the second player in the format's history to score 10,000 runs and take 200 wickets after West Indian legend Kieron Pollard. Ali had his revenge in the next over when he shattered Rizwan's stumps with a jaffa that jagged back from hard length and

Hunain Shah

had Daryl Mitchell caught behind for nought in the next over.

The fast bowlers continued to chip away as spinners kept a stranglehold on the runs with Hunain and Ali finishing with 3 for 18 and 3 for 21 from their four overs. Ayub and Hassan Khan completed their quota of four overs at stunning economy rates of 3.50 and 5.75.

Kingsmen will return to their hotel happy, with their chances of play-off qualification looking bright after today's win. That two of their youngsters in Irfan, who had been struggling for runs, and Hunain, who was expensive in the last game and was named Player of the Match on Thursday, were the architects of the win would amplify their joy.

Irfan Khan

Kusal Perera

Mohammad Ali

Hunain Shah

Rawalpindiz

Hyderabad Kingsmen

Kingsmen vs Rawalpindiz

Pakistan Super League

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi is a cricket journalist based in Lahore