Match Report: PSL 2026 Final - Peshawar Zalmi vs Hyderabad Kingsmen
Date: May 03, 2026
Venue: Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore

Result: Peshawar Zalmi won by 5 wickets
Scorecard Summary:
Hyderabad Kingsmen: 129 (18 overs) - Saim Ayub 54 (50), Marnus Labuschagne 20 (12); Aaron Hardie 4/27 (4 overs), Sufiyan Muqeem 2/18 (4 overs)
Peshawar Zalmi: 130/5 (15.2 overs) - Aaron Hardie 56* (39), Abdul Samad 48 (34); Mohammad Ali 3/38 (4 overs)
Player of the Match: Aaron Hardie (Peshawar Zalmi)
Toss: Peshawar Zalmi won the toss and elected to field.

Peshawar Zalmi were crowned PSL 2026 champions as they routed Hyderabad Kingsmen by five wickets on the back of Aaron Hardie's all-round performance. Hardie's T20-best figures of 4 for 27 skittled Kingsmen for 129, and his unbeaten 56 off 39 took Zalmi over the line after an early stutter threatened to derail the run chase. Zalmi have now become only the third team to win multiple PSL titles - their last triumph being in 2017 - after three-time winners Islamabad United and Lahore Qalandars.

It was a miraculous turnaround by Kingsmen that set their final with Zalmi as no team before them had ever reached the playoffs after losing their first four matches of the season. They had won seven of their last eight matches to reach this far, but having come in touching distance of the coveted trophy, their batters unravelled and registered the lowest first-innings total in a PSL final.

Babar Azam's decision to insert Kingsmen was influenced by the green tinge on the pitch, but his bowlers did not need to rely much on the surface as Kingsmen threw their wickets one after another. Their entire middle order was wiped amid an awful collapse, during which they lost four wickets for only two runs in eight balls. Two of those wickets were run outs.

Kingsmen had a decent start and sat comfortably on 69 for 2 at the close of the Powerplay. Their innings, however, spiralled out of control three balls later when Sufiyan Muqeem had Usman Khan plumb in front. A mix-up between Saim Ayub and Irfan Khan resulted in the latter's run out three balls later, and Glenn Maxwell was caught at mid-on the very next ball as he tried to slap a back-of-a-length delivery from Nahid Rana. The situation was further aggravated for Kingsmen when Michael Bracewell's direct hit accounted for Kusal Perera in the eighth over. The run out resulted in a brief delay and drama as Perera complained to the on-field umpires of having been obstructed by Rana, but the third umpire deemed it to be a legitimate wicket.

That Kingsmen had something to bowl with was because of Saim Ayub, who scored his maiden half-century of the season. The left-hander made 54 off 50 after walking out to the middle in the second over. He got off to a flier, scoring 30 off 14 balls. His 35-run stand for the second wicket with Marnus Labuschagne, who made 20 off 12, seemed promising before the Kingsmen captain became the first of Hardie's four scalps.

Ayub unfurled his signature flick off Rana in the sixth over and drove him through the covers next ball as he stamped his authority over the opposition, but he had to rein in after the collapse. The longest that a partnership lasted in the innings was 24 balls, between Ayub and Hunain Shah for the eighth wicket. Hardie struck twice in the 18th over, accounting for Ayub at the start and Akif Javed towards the end to bag his first T20 four-wicket haul.

Mohammad Ali and Kingsmen celebrated passionately when he had Babar Azam caught behind, to go along with Mohammad Haris' wicket in a dream first over. Hunain, the star of the second eliminator, got Kusal Mendis in the fourth over and Akif Javed sent Michael Bracewell packing soon after as Zalmi reeled at 40 for 4.

The turning point of the final match occurred during the 85-run partnership between Aaron Hardie and Abdul Samad. After Peshawar Zalmi reeled at 40 for 4, Hardie launched a counterattack, smashing Hunain for three boundaries to close the 53-run powerplay. The match-winning 85-run partnership resurrected the chase, milked the bowlers, and picked up boundaries occasionally in a magnificent rearguard effort, taking the game away from the Hyderabad Kingsmen.

Towards the end, Samad seemed to be clobbering boundaries for fun. He clubbed Ali for a six and a four before he was caught at deep midwicket trying to seal the chase with a maximum with five runs to go. Victory was secured in the next over as Farhan Yousuf steered a bouncer from Hunain Shah to the fine leg boundary.
