Match Report: PSL 2026 26 - Lahore Qalandars vs Quetta Gladiators (26th Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/lahore-qalandars-vs-quetta-gladiators-26th-match-1527577/match-report

Tariq, Rossouw star as Gladiators down Qalandars

Lahore Qalandars' batting woes continued as they slipped to their third straight defeat

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi

Usman Tariq takes a bow after taking a wicket  •

Getty Images

Quetta Gladiators

138 for 4 (Rossouw 60*, Hasan Nawaz 49, Raza 1-17) beat

Lahore Qalandars

134 (Haseebullah 33, Tariq 3-18, Jahandad 3-35) by six wickets

A terrific partnership of 104 from 69 balls between

Rilee Rossouw

and

Hasan Nawaz

delivered a comfortable six-wicket win for

Quetta Gladiators

over

Lahore Qalandars

with 22 balls to spare on a challenging batting wicket in Karachi. The victory helped Gladiators jump two places on the points table to go fourth. Qalandars, who have now lost three consecutive matches and have four losses from six matches, remain stuck at seven.

This pitch had all the ingredients to make the target of 135 a tough task, with the low bounce and excessive grip in the surface for the older ball, but a sparkling counterattack from Hasan, and Rossouw's composure helped their side through after the wickets of Shamyl Hussain and Saud Shakeel earlier in the powerplay. They added 31 runs across the last three powerplay overs which served as the much needed impetus.

Usama Mir bowled two brilliant overs after the powerplay, conceding two and five from the seventh and ninth overs of the innings, but those two overs did not worry the batters much as they took apart Haris Rauf from the other end who went for 11 and 10. It left only 60 to be chased from the last 10 overs and Hasan pulled Gladiators closer to the victory in the next over as he smoked Usama for a four and a six.

'Incredibly excessive' - Blessing Muzarabani's agent on PSL ban

Can Lahore Qalandars find a solve for their spin problem?

The sun has set on Rizwan's reign

The 13th over made the victory certain as Rossouw smashed Daniel Sams for two fours to bring up his second half century of the season and Hasan capped that over with another four to leave only 25 from the last seven and Gladiators, despite the two wickets of Hasan and Dinesh Chandimal, crossed the line with ease.

That it was going to be another tough outing for the Qalandars batters became certain after the dismissals of Mohammad Naeem and Fakhar Zaman inside the first three overs. The two openers had struck two boundaries each of Saqib Khan and

Jahandad Khan

in the first two overs, but Naeem chopped on a length ball from Jahandad in the second over due to the lack of bounce in the surface.

Alzarri Joseph

bowled a ripper, a searing full length delivery shaping in, to rattle Fakhar's stumps in the next over and it opened the floodgates.

Hasan Nawaz and Rilee Rossouw steadied the Gladiators' chase

•

PSL

Qalandars have

found it difficult to bat in Karachi

and this was the third time in as many matches in the port city that they were bowled out. Their hopes that the addition of Sri Lanka's Charith Asalanka would improve their showing were shattered after a quick short of length delivery from Joseph towards the end of the powerplay. Saqib got Mohammad Farooq trapped in front of stumps right after the powerplay. Their woes amplified with the introduction of spin as Abrar Ahmed and

Usman Tariq

put a stranglehold on the Qalandars batters.

Usman's introduction in the 11th over brought the wickets of Abdullah Shafique and Shaheen Shah Afridi in three balls and he later beat Sikandar Raza with the lack of pace to take three wickets for only 18 runs from four over. Abrar bowled 13 dots across his four overs to concede just 14 runs, despite going wicketless.

Qalandars seemed on course to another total of less than 100 but Mir's sizzling cameo of 22 from seven balls put something on the board for his team to defend. He smashed Joseph for back to back sixes in the penultimate over and smoked Jahandad for a six and a four at the start of the last over before he was caught at cover.

Rilee Rossouw

Jahandad Khan

Alzarri Joseph

Usman Tariq

Lahore Qalandars

Quetta Gladiators

Qalandars vs Gladiators

Pakistan Super League

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi is a cricket journalist based in Lahore