Match Report: PSL 2026 34 - Islamabad United vs Rawalpindiz (34th Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/islamabad-united-vs-rawalpindiz-34th-match-1527585/match-report

Rawalpindiz break duck in penultimate game of their season

Asif Afridi, Mohammad Amir, Saad Masood and Dian Forrester combined forces to stop Islamabad United at 137, before the Rawalpindiz batters got to the target with 11 balls in hand

Danyal Rasool

Mohammad Amir picked up 2 for 21 as Islamabad United were bowled out for 137  •

PSL

Rawalpindiz

140 for 4 (Rizwan 45, Ghulam 42, Mitchell 32*, Shadab 1-18) beat

Islamabad United

137 (Conway 40, Forrester 2-9, Amir 2-21, Masood 2-27) by six wickets

It took them nine games, but

Rawalpindiz

finally got themselves on the board at

PSL 2026

, winning their first points this season. They took advantage of a lacklustre performance from local rivals

Islamabad United

, bowling them out for 137 with a disciplined effort, particularly from

Mohammad Amir

, and, before

he got himself injured again

, Naseem Shah. The chase, while unconvincing, was straightforward enough, with

Mohammad Rizwan

's laboured 45, along with similar contributions from

Kamran Ghulam

and

Daryl Mitchell

, making sure they dragged themselves to the finish line.

United need just a win to seal qualification, but they significantly reduced the chances of getting it today with a shocking start. Amir, Naseem and

Asif Afridi

were among the wickets as United posted just 30 in the powerplay, their lowest this year, and began the next phase by losing

Shadab Khan

for the scoreline to read 30 for 3. There was no recovery of any note during the middle as Mark Chapman, Haider Ali and everyone that followed just shuffling along without the asking rate picking up.

They only built up momentum when, deprived of Naseem's bowling services, Rizwan had to turn to two makeshift options at the death.

Chris Green

took full advantage, with Mitchell and

Dian Forrester

conceding 27 in those two, as Green's 16-ball 29 became the innings' most consequential knock. That sense of momentum further extended when Imad Wasim had Abdullah Fazal cue-end the first ball of the chase to draw immediate blood.

But this was a chase consistent with Rawalpindiz' batters level this season, and they were happy to play to it. Rizwan and Ghulam are not the most belligerent batters, but had the smarts to know they didn't need to be. They strung together a 78-run partnership in 56 balls, taking the pep out of the United attack as they quietly bore down on that modest target.

This is Rawalpindiz, after all, and victory did not come without its scares. Green and Shadab got rid of the duo within 14 runs of each other, and there was a whiff of bad fortune as Sam Billings failed to back up to a straight drive in time and Shadab got fingertips to the ball and sent the Englishman on his way.

However, Mitchell and Forrester managed to calm things down, and finally put the game out of United's reach in the 17th over. Mitchell dispatched Richard Gleeson for a six and a four, with a few extras thrown in for good measure. The 17 that came off it reduced the target to 12 in 18, which Rawalpindiz comfortably ran down to avoid the ignominious fate of becoming the first PSL side with nine successive losses in one season.

Saad Masood

Devon Conway

Kamran Ghulam

Daryl Mitchell

Mohammad Rizwan

Mohammad Amir

Rawalpindiz

Islamabad United

United vs Rawalpindiz

Pakistan Super League