Match Report: PSL 2026 18 - Quetta Gladiators vs Rawalpindiz (18th Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/quetta-gladiators-vs-rawalpindiz-18th-match-1527569/match-report

Rossouw and Shakeel hand Rawalpindiz fifth straight loss

Rawalpindiz's middle order imploded and they are now on the verge of a league-stage exit

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi

Saud Shakeel and Rilee Rossouw added 87 off 67 balls  •

PSL

Quetta Gladiators

182 for 6 (Rossouw 53, Shakeel 42, Hasan Nawaz 39, Sears 3-41, Amir 2-31) beat

Rawalpindiz

121 (Masood 31, Mitchell 30, Shakeel 2-4, Jahandad 2-8, Tariq 2-23) by 61 runs

Rawalpindiz

's misery continued as they suffered their fifth straight defeat in

PSL 2026

, this time to

Quetta Gladiators

by 61 runs. The loss has left them on the verge of a league-stage exit as they are yet to open their account after playing half of their games.

This was Gladiators' second win in five matches and came after back-to-back defeats as

Rilee Rossouw

scored a steady half-century, his first of the season, before onslaughts from

Hasan Nawaz

and

Jahandad Khan

propelled them to 182 - a challenging total on a slow pitch. Their bowlers then kept Rawalpindiz's betters under the pump with tight spells and regular wickets, bowling them out in 17.3 overs.

The pitch for this match was the same as the one that hosted the first game of this Karachi leg, which turned out to be a

low-scoring thriller

between Peshawar Zalmi and Hyderabad Kingsmen. It offered exaggerated grip to the bowlers and low bounce that made shot-making a difficult proposition. It demanded the batters to err on the side of traditional batting, which Saud Shakeel and Rossouw did over the course of their 87-run stay after being inserted by Mohammad Rizwan.

While Rossouw (53 off 42) picked his deliveries to hit boundaries, Shakeel (42 off 39) milked the bowlers around for ones and twos to lay the groundwork for the power-hitters. Hasan and Jahandad obliged. Hasan blasted five sixes in his 39 off 16 and Jahandad plundered two sixes and two fours in his 21 not out off just six balls as Gladiators amassed 88 runs in the last seven overs.

Jahandad then dented Rawalpindiz's run chase on the first ball as Rizwan edged him to Rossouw at first slip. As the partnership of 27 between Usman Khawaja, who was playing his first match of the season, and Yasir Khan started to look promising, a mix up resulted in the former being run out. A collapse of four wickets for only five runs at the halfway stage of the innings made the defeat inevitable, but Saad Masood's lofty blows after the strategic timeout delayed it a little. Masood top-scored with 31 off 19 balls.

There was a little drama earlier when Daryl Mitchell pulled out twice from his stance because of Usman Tariq's pause before delivery. But he resumed batting after being instructed by the on-field umpire. The matter cooled down and the two players shook hands at the completion of the over.

The match was sealed with a run out as a shy from Rossouw found Mohammad Amir, who jogged rather than sprinted towards the danger end, short of the non-striker's end. It was an apt ending to the match, which saw Rawalpindiz make all sorts of errors - their fielders fumbled and their batters threw their wickets away.

Rilee Rossouw

Hasan Nawaz

Rawalpindiz

Quetta Gladiators

Gladiators vs Rawalpindiz

Pakistan Super League

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi is a cricket journalist based in Lahore