Match Report: PSL 2026 6 - Lahore Qalandars vs Karachi Kings (6th Match)
Source URL: https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/pakistan-super-league-2026-1515734/lahore-qalandars-vs-karachi-kings-6th-match-1527557/match-report

Penalty costly for Qalandars as Kings win low-scoring thriller

Shaheen's efforts on a two-paced pitch went in vain as Waseem and Co took Kings home

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi

Moeen Ali had a handy partnership with Muhammad Waseem  •

AFP/Getty Images

Karachi Kings

131 for 6 (Waseem 38, Afridi 4-18) beat

Lahore Qalandars

128 for 9 (Shafique 33, Zampa 2-11, Hamza 2-14, Moeen 2-31) by four wickets

Karachi Kings

edged past

Lahore Qalandars

in a thrilling low-scoring contest as Abbas Afridi smashed Haris Rauf for a four and a six on consecutive balls to chase nine runs in the last over. There was drama at the start of the over when the equation of 14 off six was reduced to nine off six after the on-field umpires

penalised Qalandars

for changing the condition of the ball and allowed Kings batters to pick the replacement ball.

Chasing 129 was never going to be a smooth sailing on this pitch, which had become two-paced and offered inconsistent bounce as it was staging its fourth consecutive contest.

Shaheen Afridi

, the pick of the bowlers across both sides for his incredible analysis of 4-0-18-4, made brilliant use of the conditions by firing slower ones into the surface and had his opposite number David Warner and Salman Agha out in space of three balls in the third over.

He bowled three splendid overs in the powerplay - his second and third sandwiched between Ubaid Shah's maiden - as Kings mustered 18 for 2 in the first five overs. Saad Baig smashed Rauf, who leaked 45 runs in 3.3 overs, for two boundaries in the last powerplay over that gave his side some respite.

The wicketkeeper-batter started off the seventh by dispatching Sikandar Raza's half-tracker, which turned out to be a no-ball, to the mid-wicket for a boundary. His dismissal off Mustafizur Rahman in the next over put the chokehold back on Kings as only 19 runs were scored from the next four overs.

Kings' UAE import

Muhammad Waseem

, who had opened the innings with Warner, delivered a crucial blow in the 13th over by hitting Rauf down the ground for a four at the start and over deep third for a maximum on the last ball in what turned out to be the most expensive over of the match. The six took Waseem's strike rate past 100.

Moeen Ali, whose all-round brilliance had delivered Kings a come-from-behind win over Quetta Gladiators on Friday, had pierced the off side gap on the third ball as that over added 18 to the Kings total and brought the required run rate down to seven-and-a-half from nine an over.

Their crucial 43-run partnership ended as Afridi removed Waseem and then Ali in the 15th over which added another twist in the run chase. But Khushdil Shah and Azam Khan held their nerve to take Kings through to the last over with their 32-run partnership before Abbas sealed the contest.

Despite the dismissals of Fakhar Zaman and Mohammad Naeem in the first and fourth over, Qalandars ended the powerplay on a decent 42 for 2 as Abdullah Shafique (33 off 24) held his end. His repair work with Parvez Hossain Emon was undone when he holed out to long-on and Emon got trapped in front in the space of three balls.

But Qalandars seemed on course to a competitive total as Raza and Haseebullah Khan built a solid partnership worth 43. Haseebullah welcomed Abbas with a four and a six in a 15-run over (12th of the innings). The wickets of Raza and Shaheen in the 15th and 16th overs sparked a collapse as Qalandars lost their last five wickets for 20 runs.

Shaheen Shah Afridi

Muhammad Waseem

Lahore Qalandars

Karachi Kings

Qalandars vs Kings

Pakistan Super League

Ahsan Iftikhar Nagi is a cricket journalist based in Lahore